//Jacob Ruiz
//THis is just notes
#####Key Points
IT framework
An IT framework is composed of four parts built on top of each: infrastructure, development, security, and data.
In the modern world, Businesses and organizations require IT resources for data processing and connectivity.
Random access memory, or RAM, is a type of volatile memory that allows quick and specific access to memory location.
The cloud or cloud computing is defined as a form of computing where data is processed through an internet network and remote servers.
Many characteristics of the cloud are influenced by the needs of businesses to manage and lower the cost of IT resources.
The cloud uses IT resources for network processing, which includes software, storage, and physical or virtual servers.
The cloud is designed with scaling in mind, as it needs to manage the demands of IT resources. The scaling can happen horizontally, IT resources are increased by adding more, or vertically, existing resources are upgraded to increased capability.
The cloud is designed to provide services to the consumer.
Cloud services are IT resources that a user can remotely access via the cloud network. 
There are three service models of the cloud.
The Infrastructure as a service model, or IaaS, provides the consumer with IT infrastructures such as data storage, networking, and servers.
The platforms as a service model, or PaaS, provide the consumer with IT development resources, such as OS, middleware, and development tools.
The software as a service model, or SaaS, provides the software, via the cloud, to consumers.
The one main difference between these models is which parts of the framework are managed by the cloud provider or the user.
Cloud is developed in three models that differ in the use of the cloud, such as fully cloud, hybrid, and on-premise.
Quotes
The overlapping of trust boundaries and the increased exposure of data can provide malicious cloud consumers (human and automated) with greater opportunities to attack IT resources and steal or damage business data.
“Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of computing power, database storage, applications, and other IT resources through a cloud services platform via the Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing. Whether you are running applications that share photos to millions of mobile users or you’re supporting the critical operations of your business, a cloud services platform provides rapid access to flexible and low-cost IT resources”, aws-overview or amazon definition of cloud computing.
#####New Facts I didn’t know before.
From an amazon perspective, the cloud allows businesses to trade high costs of data centers for manageable costs of the cloud.
If you are starting out as a programmer or developer, then your first job is likely to be in QA or quality assurance.
I didn’t know an email is a software as a service.
A 64-bit CPU can theoretically use a maximum of 16.8 million TB of memory.
The difference between 32 and 64bit processors is in the amount of information the CPU can process.
